IBX-8590: Reorganizing documentation in terms of Product Guides (#2479)
ibexa/documentation-developer: docs/cdp/cdp_guide.md

To create a personalized customer experience, you need to group your clients into specified audiences.
[[= product_name =]] comes with a ready solution - segment groups.

> Segment group information is reused by various [[= product_name =]] functionalities, such as [Personalization](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/latest/personalization/personalization_product_guide/) or content targeting.

Reviewer: Is there a reason for not using magic link here?

```suggestion
Segment group information is reused by various [[= product_name =]] functionalities, such as [Personalization](personalization_product_guide.md) or content targeting.
```

Author: No, just a mistake 😄
